so ever since the LeMond was released
I've been dying to get a bear mount it's
pretty much the most Balinese shit you
can get in Wow at this point in time
this shit's even better than that crappy
Phoenix mount of that cancer hit got
seriously just because he's a cancer he
gets a Phoenix I'm an Aquarius giving my
fucking bear you even imagine the shit I
could do with a bear mount
riding through the jungle showing all
the other bears time pretty much fucking
every single one of their moms
terrorizing villagers and scaring the
fuck out of tiny kittens because those
things are terrifying you know and then
at the height of my most mystic tacular
Massacre of the mind it'll happen
yeah give me a fucking bear mount also
let my warlock enslave brutalus better
be sweet
you